[FLINK-20053][table][doc] Add document for file compaction (#13990)
apache/flink: docs/dev/table/connectors/filesystem.md

**NOTE:** For row formats (csv, json), you can set the parameter `sink.rolling-policy.file-size` or `sink.rolling-policy.rollover-interval` in the connector properties and parameter `execution.checkpointing.interval` in flink-conf.yaml together
if you don't want to wait a long period before observe the data exists in file system. For other formats (avro, orc), you can just set parameter `execution.checkpointing.interval` in flink-conf.yaml.

### File Compaction

> If you want a smaller checkpoint interval and do not want to generate a large number of small files,
> it is recommended that you open file compaction:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file sink supports file compactions, which allows applications to have smaller checkpoint intervals without generating a large number of files.
```

<table class="table table-bordered">
  <thead>
    <tr>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 20%">Key</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 15%">Default</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 10%">Type</th>
        <th class="text-left" style="width: 55%">Description</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>auto-compaction</h5></td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">false</td>
        <td>Boolean</td>
        <td>Whether to enable automatic compaction in streaming sink or not. The data will be written to temporary files. After the checkpoint is completed, the temporary files generated by a checkpoint will be compacted. The temporary files are invisible before compaction.</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><h5>compaction.file-size</h5></td>
        <td style="word-wrap: break-word;">(none)</td>
        <td>MemorySize</td>
        <td>The compaction target file size, the default value is the rolling file size.</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

> After you open file compaction, small files that are not large enough will be merged into large files,
> It is worth noting that:
> - Only files in a single checkpoint are compacted, that is, at least the same number of files as the number of checkpoints is generated.
> - The file before merging is invisible, so the visibility of the file may be: checkpoint interval + compaction time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If enabled, file compaction will merge multiple small files into larger files based on the target file size.
When running file compaction in production, please be aware that:
- Only files in a single checkpoint are compacted, that is, at least the same number of files as the number of checkpoints is generated.
- The file before merging is invisible, so the visibility of the file may be: checkpoint interval + compaction time.
```
